this is something I've been looking
forward to all year long every June we
invite the winner of the Scripps
National Spelling Bee to be against me
but this year was a weird one because
there wasn't just one winner this year
there were eight e IG HT
[Applause]
after three and a half hours of spelling
and twenty rounds the judges ran out of
words and had to call it an eight-way
tie and so it is time now to meet the
kids who exhausted the dictionary itself
here they are please welcome Scripps
National Spelling Bee
from San Jose California Rishon gut
Guthrie
Huntsville Alabama Aaron power from
Flower Mound Texas of the J cut dolly
from Cherry Hill New Jersey shreeka
patty from Irving Texas Rohan
Raja from Whitehouse Station New Jersey
Christopher's surround from Dallas Texas
so Han sook Tucker from Clarksville
Marilyn
soon our ladies and gentlemen once again
the champions of the 2019 Scripps
National Spelling Bee
[Applause]
congratulations to you by the way
there's a lot of you what kind of a name
is Aaron
well were you surprised when they ran
out of words yeah yeah yeah yeah all
right so I have to pick one of you
because we can't this would take like an
hour and a half to do otherwise
so I think maybe I'll I don't know I
think maybe I'll pick the smallest one
so on is that yeah you're the smallest
come over here now you step over here
and you are going to be the
representative here but you can consult
with your teammates your friends you
consider these people to be friends
teammates or or me what what what are
your rivals what do you think just your
friends okay good who's your best friend
in the group I don't know I'm not really
sure which one do you like the least
that one he knows all right well let's
meet our tower judge tonight is my
cousin Sal who would most definitely not
ever cheat to benefit me right cousin
Sal would I do that ever wants you to
lose you guys can sit is is our official
spelling bee nil who know and only
Guillermo come on out Guillermo
[Applause]
I'm ready Jimmy I'm gonna drop you nerds
like Jamba drop juice are you ready for
this let's begin
who's goes first first stop one of the
eight co-champions he hails from sent
mark school of Texas and Dallas so home
sue wait I can consult with my teammates
right you want to consult we even heard
the word yeah yeah yeah yeah you talk
right in that microphone and then the
consulting could be done later all right
all right camera what is so homes first
word pictures came what did you repeat
the word pictures came
[Music]
repeat the word one more time
pictures K okay
picturesque a pic18 you are es q ue
pictures Kenny green Junior High School
in Las Vegas Nevada two times spelling
bee champ in seventh and eighth grade
Jimmy Kimmel everybody that's two times
Spelling Bee champ yeah not one-eighth
of the time like you PMO what is Jimmy's
first word died up quite eat please
repeat the word die out Buddy Dyer
quarry can you use it in a sentence
please
I wanna die up quarry
huh what is the origin of the word Jess
I think it's Mexico tire chlorine can I
consult with the team do you guys have
any idea what he means
Oh what do you think it is what one more
time
yeah I have quite eat oh boy
I have no idea
dia see you re looking for daiquiri
daiquiri I mean he said it yeah you
should yeah three times all right so uh
come on up so on your next word all
right damn I'll give it to him
there how's that daya by the way it's da
I don't cheat these could you repeat the
word hold on let me just fix the
microphone for you
[Laughter]
[Applause]
broan chitti's does this come from the
greek root Baros meaning pit I'm gonna
say it one more time see I know this bro
and chi-chi's does this come from the
group no this comes from Spain nice
bronchitis Oh be our oh and CH I T is
that is Jimmy is in a hole
come on Guillermo good luck Gio all
right Irish descent repeat that 30 more
times please Irish descent
oh I think it's iridescent I our ID e SC
ent we're gonna
[Applause]
all of a sudden it's two to one
Guillermo third word for Soho
this is getting inconvenient Kayla does
coke easy kaleidoscope que a le I do SC
ope Wow three two one
can I switch kids all right
ah there ma give it to me again
on it there ma oh say that again I need
em I own a dama and use it in a sentence
please I cannot pronounce the word are
not there my he's being honest
yeah I've been honest
I have no on the dam idea what the hell
let's just give the kids the process
are going home tonight thanks to the
work of so home with an oculus quest
all-in-one VR device which Guillermo is
wearing right now and and we have a
trophy for you to come on over here to
get take home your trophy now since
there are eight of you we're actually
going to go ahead and just break this
trophy up into pieces there's a piece of
the trophy for you congratulations
there's some for you there you go come
on kids yes yes figured thank you all
right and congratulations everybody
thanks for watching and remember every
time you click the subscribe button one
of your enemies gets destroyed